
                   Personal Statement
       
The need for programming is getting more and more important by the day.  More technologies offer better ways to link people, to change experiences and develop their responses further.  Delivering high quality prgrams as means of communication require both interpersonal skills and the master of new technologies.

Throughout my work experience I was always involved with large number of people wanting information and coordination to complete their task.  I used to draw plans to communicate to my superiors what need to be done and to coordinate with my colleagues to be on the same line toward achievable results.  This involved bring new ides and methods to best achieve what need to be done.

My teaching work involved understanding the requirements and objectives of each program, then make decision on how to achieve each subset in a timely way with respect to all forms of events including weather, customs seasons and so forth to bridge the gap between learner and learned material and the environment at the time of each lesson.  Motivating learners was one of my strong skills as I used to develop communication and coordination by offering each learner a role to play. This will allow them to gain faith in themselves and become active team players.  Even those  less skilled in academic work can be leaders in other activities such as  painting or games and sports.

Modern communication involves the master of several ways of spreading information including coordination and management software and communication and advertising technologies.  As I worked with software developers the need for communication became even stronger as we have to communicate with sources of information in other companies, collect requirements and set communication meetings with superior and colleagues to discuss various obstacles and restriction.

As a developer my time dedicated to communication was almost half of my work load to meet the requirements of the different levels of customers: insiders or from other organisations.  I dedicated lots of time to influence colleagues to change some of deep rooted behaviours when it comes to understanding what is job done.

My work as a statistician involved further focus on communication  as it involved not only suppliers of ideas and data and consumers of results but third parties as well to validate the results.  Finding new way or recommending new sets of data to reduce volatility of regression models was one of my main tasks to influence the team to develop better and sound models.

